And the last lecture you learn about entry and output of WePay and that's super important because it
allows pick to analyze our structure which follows we use and it allows us to write multi-file code
if we would use only regular javascript features that would already be all we need.
But here we want to use some extra features like dot to view files which of course are regular javascript
files or maybe like 6 as we do here with the data method.
Now these features are of course not supported by modern browsers or don't view files are not even supported
by WePay.
It doesn't understand how to handle these files.
And that is why we need to define how web page should handle the modules in a module is just a file.
So modular code is multi-file code Wepa just analyzes all our Maut modules.
So all our files we can define rules Wepa should use when analyzing our files.
A rule typically has a task property which simply tells web page.
Does this rule apply to this file and we typically use the file extension for this.
So for example here we check if we have a dot view file.
This is a regular expression.
Then we define a loader loader is our third party or web page native plug ins we can add we installed
them separately here all these dash loader packages and loaders simply add the functionality to tell
where pick how to handle that file.
Because web pick by default is a relatively lean tool which doesn't know all kinds of files but we can
add loaders and you can write your own Lowder's theoretically.
So for dought you father used a view loader which is a loader which basically in the end knows how to
handle these files with the template script and Style section will then transform them to normal Javascript
code.
That is what the view loader does.
And that is how we add this functionality to our Web Pegge workflow.
Well we also have tests for normal javascript files for example so that we're able to use as sake's
features with bible babble it simply is a compiler for iOS 6 2 years 5 and we're able to handle images
too.
We used to file loader to simply copy them.
Well rissoles You may ignore that.
That's just important for importing the view framework correctly.
Here we get some specific settings about the def server like important the history API fallback so that
we can use this history mode without the hash tag and the L performance you can ignore that death tool
that simply controls.
If you want to create source maps or not so that we can use the debugger in our browser to debug our
code even though we have identified code then we can magically debug our original code through source
maps and that down here.
Well that simply looks a bit complicated.
But in the end what we do here is we changed the def tools if we are in production mode that we create
less expressive source maps.
And we set up some plug ins plug ins are the fourth and last important step in the web peg workflow.
You don't need to use plug ins but we're Lowder's or module rules in the end apply on a per file basis
so view should use this loader javascript Faas should use Disk loader.
Plug ins are then applied to the bundled code.
But before that bundle is created.
So here for example we have the ugly fight Chia's plug in which is responsible for many flying and optimizing
our code does not apply to the individual files but once webcast analyze all the files and almost built
the bundle then the plug ins come in and then for example we have fired or run some other plug ins here.
That is how web pick works.
We have rules and module rules to be precise to transform our individual files plug ins to transform
the overall code ofter we analyzed all the files and entering output to find where to start and what
to create.
And it just does work flow which allows us to use features like Daut view files and is sake's and still
ship code which is understood by the browser.